and wooden packaging an industry
sustainable committed to quality
wooden type containers
fruit and vegetables are manufactured
mainly with plywood board
of poplar or pine sawn wood or with
wood fiber boards materials
natural fit for direct contact
with food
The wooden container consists of two
front ends
two lateral four square or
stairs
and a background
from these components you can
get a wide range of formats
standardized or customized to the customer
from sales units to packaging
transport
and the wood that is used comes from
sustainable crops and forests that
They also offer many advantages
environmental
during its growth the trees
they absorb the CO2 from the atmosphere
contributing to the fight against
climate change
once the components arrive at the
packaging factory are printed with the
Flexography customer brand is the
most widespread printing technique
your good results in the combination
of color after marking are cut to
measure the tablets of the container
the square is cut according to the height
Container other components
they are entering the assembly line
where they are joined by wire wires
conferring great resistance
first the slats and the
squares forming the front ends
Subsequently, the
sides forming the fence of the
container
and we just need to incorporate the fund that
It can be smooth and die-cut or the
traditional slats
the fund is a key piece in the good
ventilation of the wooden container
and so the package is ready
the package fits to save space
in his later politicized and expedition
direct to the client's facilities
in the agri-food industry the
wooden container responds to
automation and hygiene requirements
its resistance and good behavior in
the stack makes it be the container
preferred for transport to long
distances
ah
At destination the wooden container is the
best ambassador of the products of
quality
zdenko represents the manufacturers of
Spanish wooden containers and promotes
the conformity of its products in the
market
with the grow brand , packaging is guaranteed
recyclables manufactured from
untreated wood
and also the certificate grow quality
secure your resistance
zdenko also promotes good
manufacturing and hygiene practices between
their companies and their certification through
of the zdenko gmt system